Deprecate min_magnitude=None (#2429)
HypothesisWorks/hypothesis: hypothesis-python/RELEASE.rst

RELEASE_TYPE: patch

> This patch updates the type annotation of the "complex_numbers()" strategy for consistency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch updates the type annotation of the :func:`~hypothesis.strategies.complex_numbers` strategy for consistency.
```

This syntax gives us a hyperlinked cross-reference, with link text `complex_numbers()`.

> This release deprecates the use of ``min_magnitude=None``, setting the default ``min_magnitude`` to 0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Passing ``min_magnitude=None`` to :func:`~hypothesis.strategies.complex_numbers` is now
deprecated - you can explicitly pass ``min_magnitude=0``, or omit the argument entirely.
```
